what's up guys mindful take and welcome
to another video yeah I know I haven't
exactly made another video since like
last month with the GTA think but uh
yeah as a quick update my setup has
changed you said have it in that one
back corner near the clock and
everything my gaming stuff but now desk
where my bed is bad or the desk is yes
I'm walking with juggernog 'it's go
ahead right go ahead type your little
angry comments like oh my god your juggy
he's fake fake I know he's fake at the
time I thought he's real whatever
another video for another day I think
but uh anyways at fourth july i know
this video is going to involve mountain
dew I'm not sponsored at all and yes I'm
wearing a coke shirt irony should have
worn my Mountain Dew shirt but uh yeah
so a few months ago I was thinking yeah
right white new red white and blue red
white and do a sadly couldn't get
voltage but I have code red light out
and regular right here check this see as
you can see ya and yes I have harry
potter coasters
nor that yeah empty glass yeah I'm just
gonna take a sip of these mix them all
together or like makes a little bit all
through and cheer and because America
yeah so let's get started first one all
right Code Red that's pretty good
whiteout very citrusy oh god I don't
know why I do that she's funny and
original yeah I don't know why but I
just really like now to do and yeah okay
time little free and yeah I know my bed
is messing it still I honestly like what
my mama that my mom and I did with my
room yeah another video but yeah um
let's get started
collectively not looking at the camera
just looking at the thing yeah that
looks about just making sure I'm not
spilling okay I've never actually add
multiple flavors of Mountain Dew mixed
together but this is going to be
interesting white be absolutely
disgusting but I don't care because
mountain dew and America and I don't
know why I'm wearing culture and just so
you know I'm not not sponsored
whatsoever not buy coke not by Mountain
Dew not at all just I really like
mountain dew and tree luck fourth of
July ladies
actually doesn't taste that bad
exceeded yeah at end of our plot and uh
a little code beauty update I am for
stage 3 level 40 don't mess with me
kidding but um yeah you guys saw me on
youtube at least prestige to prestige
one then I made a vine about staging to
teach to I went through siege to very
quickly mostly because uh yeah the cod
world league for like uplink safeguard
all that double weapon XP double XP oh
god i leveled up like like eight or nine
times because i stayed up and play Paul
duty for 16 hours don't know why it's
pretty stupid of me but yeah and also
I've gotten a few comments be like I
hate youtube capture dot stop using
youtube capture well the camera i used
to use somehow the programming on the
compete on my parents computer what use
up somehow the program is glitched oh
god sees my um and i haven't been able
to upload videos from my camera for
about I don't know since like Juke Jan
oh god excuse me january or februari
maybe for that I don't know but uh yeah
anyways I know
you guys don't want to watch me ramble
on just walk around my bedroom but uh
yeah thanks for watching everybody happy
fourth of July and happy birthday
America he's watching everybody of like
comment subscribe last time I checked we
were at we were over 20 subs thank you
guys so much let's hope for 50 in the
near future I know like summer has it's
almost like middle of some hole it is
the middle summer but it's like the
middle of summer and I haven't really
made that many videos but uh yeah more
content soon thank you so much watching
like comment subscribe all that awesome
stuff have a great day everybody we'll
take out I'm fourth july peace